Document absent optional subfield convention (#12)
amzn/ion-hash: docs/spec.md

Any UInt, Int, VarUInt, or VarInt fields are encoded in the manner
defined in the [Amazon Ion Binary Encoding](http://amzn.github.io/ion-docs/binary.html)
specification with one difference: such fields are encoded in minimal
fashion. No padding is allowed, and subfields must be be omitted from 
representations whenever possible.

For example:
* `0x00 0x00 0x00 0x81` is a valid VarUInt in Ion binary, but
shall be encoded as `0x81` for hashing purposes.
* `0x00 0x00 0x00 0x7F` is a valid UInt in Ion binary, but shall be
encoded as `0x7F` for hashing purposes.

> * `0x51 0x80` and `0x52 0x80 0x00` are valid encodings of the decimal
> value `0.` in Ion binary, but shall be encoded as `0x50` (without 
> both optional `exponent` and `coefficient` subfields) for hashing 
> purposes. 

Reviewer: I was momentarily tripped up by the phrase 'without both', similar to the way one might wonder whether "or" meant "xor" in a given context. I'm fine with leaving it, but here's an alternate phrasing if you happen to agree:

```suggestion
* `0x51 0x80` and `0x52 0x80 0x00` are valid encodings of the decimal
value `0.` in Ion binary, but shall be encoded as `0x50` (with neither the 
`exponent` nor `coefficient` subfields) for hashing purposes. 
```
